good afternoon Hello, I'm from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, the high city of Russia, Rostov-on-Don, you specifically chose Ukraine, yes, let's save time Ukraine Bombila Donbass 8 years Why on earth will we save time and already Stream write not for the sake of five minutes Well, look at 2 hours already Ukraine Bombed Donbass for 8 years Let's start something else Well, let's have American biological laboratories in Ukraine I have no evidence that they were, but they seem to say that Putin did the right thing that he attacked Ukraine, he attacked me, he liberates Ukraine Putin is correct that liberates Ukraine us by the way have already been liberated, now Kherson region was liberated by Putin recently, well, this is a tactical maneuver so as not to flood a lot of people I love studying tactics It’s just that I was tactically leaving Kyiv for me, there was a tactical similar withdrawal, I won’t repeat this word because this is a military term from near the Chernihiv Sumy region then from - under the sharp serpentine Remind you there the Moscow submarine was Oh  at first it was a cruiser,
then a submarine, then from Kharkov from
Kherson Why do you only have outgoing
maneuvers like this here, you can explain
Well, you Avdiivka every outgoing maneuver
As you said Avdiivka Avdeevka
bang because 3rd place 45
[ __ ] from bang and nothing and that you
're okay there's nothing wrong
It's cool on the contrary Russian Vanka die
The more he breathes the better it will
all end Why do you call
orcs people who came to
their country they are gone Orcs by the standards
where you come from
a person Absolutely culture the
embodiment of the culture of the whole world Well, I'm an
honest person if I see the occupiers
I'm a very modest person yes, I see it like that,
look if, for example, the Germans who
came captured us there the fascists the Nazis
in the forties So what did they say
about the Lord the Germans could not be finished
fascists  so here is the finished Orcs Well, everything is
fair Wait  The Ukrainian policemen
said to the Lord the fascists were exactly like that by the
way Russian policemen How many
Russians served in the Wehrmacht and Wehrmacht
all sorts of things like Vlasov’s army remember
you by the way
9.000 Look and see what
colors the Vlasovites used on their
flag
in France, the same
colors you of the Russian Federation didn’t give a damn
about our Soviet past, our
Soviet history and took the flag of the
formations that you fought for the Germans.
a dictionary
issued in the Soviet Union for another 84 years, I
just opened it and read everything at once a
lot of everything, so look
, you get me something here About the policemen
They said so How many Russians By the way, the
Russian fought on the side of Hitler,
not only Russian Belarusians fought there,
let's  m  s about Russians I wonder why the Russians fought for Hitler, but the Russian army in general fought in abundance in what 41 years Because the Russians are such a diverse thing that they can because of the whites and for the greens because of the reds and so on such a diverse thing where did you get there is a word according to your Russians Well, this is an artificial word Stalin came up with Russians what was then on the maps in 1600 yes, in principle, there was a word Russians Russia was Rus' was no longer in what century say let's say for the 16th century Russia was not Rus' was no more And what was and where were you at that time when Rus' was until what century was Let's start then from the official line in 1721, after the victory over Charles 12, Peter established the Russian Empire correctly, even as part of this empire there were lands that are now called Ukraine before the outskirts at this time we will be from 700 1721 Rus' was And what happened before 1721 Belarus and Peter Rus' transformed from Russian before I understood your chronology
let’s call it that until the 13th century What does the word Romania mean Let’s finish the hair about Rus', something they didn’t already come up with had a genotype with rus hair, respectively Folk etymology now everyone is adjusting there What is the difference between homogeneous substantiation of genotypes who don’t try you interrupt so look it turns out it has nothing to do with that Rus' that was on the territory of the Kyiv region there is Chinigovsky, Tomsk is absolutely none of these your swamps. What city are you from again? people who we are on a hat when, in Russian, the descendants of those people who lived in Kievan Rus, we are this People, and you are the descendants of people who lived there somewhere like the Zaporizhzhya Sich, so I heard a little bit Who lived there in this Zaporizhzhya network in this organization, what were they called who weren't, well, tell me, I wonder what they were called, who weren't already initiated  people
just tell us a little about
this right away Kievan Rus they say and like
Lenin created Ukraine
By the way, this is for everyone else what you yourself
heard Tell me about the Zaporizhzhya
Sich
But if you haven’t checked I’ll
tell you something you still won’t believe me  And
now I want to hear I collect different versions
and then
voice one of my own And I’ll tell you Yes,
in our school As they say it was Kievan
Rus and then Lenin created Ukraine, all of
us
You have another blogger in Ukraine from
Belaya Tserkov in  His name is Italy
I am the second second conversation with him was exactly
your history of your country and you
watch the program here
you don’t know I will not be a professional
tell
you started you translated So why
did you translate Tell me what you wanted
to accept it say
no at all Tell me what is there what  from
this Zaporozhye network,
I can link
why then do you understand a topic in which you
don’t understand at all, I understand this
to prove that you don’t understand anything
when Moscow
appeared  in general
How did it appear exactly appeared there they
gave birth to Moscow I don’t know how cities appear
The fact is that in the annals it
is mentioned in my opinion since 950 but but
the millennium of
Moscow was celebrated No, during Luzhko, during
Luzhkov, they could have celebrated there and a million
lei, for example, or there 850 years on
purpose, I specifically named the wrong
date That is, you are a special Balabol, I
checked you so that I don’t know anything You
would have specially gone to
you said
Moscow
Yes, a new dietary version that  we
stole from them But I didn’t hear this version
Moscow was called heaps square not
in the annals there Coin 800 some year or a
quest
so we go further